LD34
Deck building RPG where you grow cards
  More work (much more?)
  Would need:
    A bunch of cards
    Iterating on main mechanic
    Gameplay flow - 
      Given starter deck
      Choose dungeon level to explore
      First fight starts
      Take turns - 
        On turn, feed any number of cards to other cards (or just one?), play 1 action, play 1 fight, draw back to 5
        Battle resolves
      On victory, proceed to next fight, until floor is cleared
      After each fight cards grow, maybe acquire cards from enemy
      After each floor, get to buy new cards, maybe trash limited number of cards, or just choose set of 10 to start next floor with
  Make this log-based, just HTML, nothing fancy?
  MVP is: have deck, will fight, could try this and see if combat is fun, but really need deck building to be part of the core game loop - do you build your deck during combat (long combats) or have very quick combat with stats carrying over?  Quick is better, like GoD.
  No reason this couldn't be Turbulenz, though some particles could go a long way, probably wouldn't get to them.
  Attack/Def attributes - maybe just one 3 - Cut, Stab, Bash? As icons.
  Feeding: Either:
    Cards have XP, and they grow to bigger versions of themselves
    Cards acquire attributes of what was fed to them (fractional, so it's at "Attack: 1 Cut (50% to next level)")
      Some reason you just don't feed everything and have an I win card?  Cards keep at most 2 attributes, choose which two (possibly dropping a full one and acquiring a partial one) upon feeding?
    Feeding immediately gives a boost equal to the eaten card, and then has a chance that some might be permanent after the turn?
  Cards:
    Fight
      Basic Fight: Atk: 1 Cut
      Basic Defend: Block: 1 Any
      Parry: Block: 5 Stab
    Action
      Extra Fight
      2 Extra Actions
      +X to next fight
    Feed?
      Just XP boost to cards?  Does this trash the feeder?
  
InnerBodyish
  Match theme somehow  want all plants alive, growing dead plants to health
  How different?
  Local multiplayer?  How would that be interesting?  Just high scores for now?
  Could be done quickly and put in lots of polish.
  Could be done in Turbulenz, w/o as much polish, no idea on particles, etc.
  